now you're working without the
basketball and sometimes that's very
important because the defense you keep
the defense moving if you keep the
defense moving it can't really set up to
your progress so and moving without the
basketball it's a lot of different ways
of doing it Reggie Miller is a very good
example of that who moves without the
best one that's one his strong talents
so if you have defensive players and you
have offensive player setting your
screens pick up some correct ways of
getting to the basket ball with an open
shot squaring up and shooting the
basketball i'm using my friend Fran to
be the passer and what I'm doing is
using the defense going and working
towards the defense working with the
defense to get myself open so when I'm
coming off the screen for instance and
we let my other friends be my screener
and when I'm coming off the screen I am
now feeling that I'm going to be open so
i'm going to start squaring myself up to
get the shot so as I'm coming off the
screen I'll see the passer I'm squaring
up with my right foot pivoting shoulder
Square to the basket and then I'm into
my shot all right so let me show you
very quick how that happen so I'm moving
clearing up shoot so the basis of that
when I come off the screen I'm squaring
up I got my target she gives me a great
pass i used my right foot pivoting
bringing my left my shoulders or towards
your target and now i'm in the same form
to some degree that's my free throw shot
which is a good form now if the defense
starts to cheat say if the defense comes
here and he goes over the top then I
stayed back now it's a different way of
setting myself up usually I take the
left portion of my foot square up
balance and go through the target so
let's see if I can do that best defense
cheats use my left square up
that's just some ways to getting
yourself working without the basketball
getting your balance and getting shot
off then sometimes when you get in that
situation you can't get the shot off now
you work your way into the triple threat
situation if you're not as a player and
you're trying to take advantage of the
defense